[KOGITO-9218] - Update SonataFlowPlatform struct (#427)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/migration-guide.adoc

# Migration Guide

## Version 1.43.0

> When migrating to version 1.43.0, you need to review `SonataFlowPlatform` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When migrating to version 1.43.0, you must review the `SonataFlowPlatform` instances.
```
